I'm waking up to his texts in the morning
He's checking on me, asking "How are you doing?"
I know that I say
It's not more than dating
I'm falling, I'm slipping away
I'm wanting relations
You got me feeling
You got me feeling, ooo
We're too close for comfort
Too close to me to you
Barely breathing when we, ooo
We're too close for comfort
Too close to me to you
Barely breathing when we, ooo
But I kinda like it, yeah
Ooo, yeah I really like it, yeah
We're right by the edge,
All my friends tryna warn me
One step away from us falling in too deep
What is it you do,
I can't even fake it
I'm slipping, I'm tripping on you
You got my heart naked
You got me feeling, ooo
We're too close for comfort
Too close to me to you
Barely breathing when we
You got me feeling, ooo
We're too close for comfort
Too close to me to you
Barely breathing when we, ooo
We're too close for comfort
Too close to me to you
Barely breathing when we, ooo
But I kinda like it, yeah
Ooo, yeah I really like it, yeah
I can't help myself
I just wanna ...
Ooo
We're too close for comfort
Too close to me to you
Barely breathing when we, ooo
We're too close for comfort
Too close to me to you
Barely breathing when we, ooo
But I kinda like it, yeah
Ooo, yeah I really like it, yeah
We're too close for comfort